[Music]
and tonight before the dessert course we
present for your pleasures a traditional
cheese trolley to start we have an
excellent clochette clearly very nice
very light next a bloody hearty was a
surprising particular and finally is a
piaster is the stones a very special
very well
[Music]
this is me
I think it's apparent that I need to
rethink my life a little bit I can't
help myself I I like good food okay and
good food is hard for a rat to find it
wouldn't be so hard to find if you
weren't so picky I don't want to eat
garbage dad what is that I don't really
know you don't know and you're eating it
you know if you can sort of muscle your
way past the gag reflex
all kinds of food possibilities open up
this is what I'm talking about I don't
think any of this would have come up but
we happen to live in Paris France and
it's so easy to find good food in Paris
it's just dangerous gotta rethink your
life